hey guys it's katie and for today's
video i'm going to be giving some
freshman advice so last year I was a
freshman of high school so I'm just
going to be you know giving you guys
some tips and telling you guys what I
wish I knew going into high school so I
hope this helps all of you upcoming
freshmen that are watching this and yeah
so I just have my list on my little
pineapple kidding it's my phone trick do
so I just have a list of stuff that I'm
gonna like read off and tell you about
you know it's gonna chit chat for a
little while I got you guys I remember
last year at this time I was freaking
out because I so nervous and I was
searching all these freshmen advice
video except to say try not to be
nervous it is very very scary going into
high school I'm not gonna lie you're
just need to try to be calm and remember
that everyone else is probably as
overwhelmed as you um and some things
that you might worry about might not be
as big of a deal I'll get into that
later on but and so for me the school
sizes like the size difference was a big
thing for me like I was very nervous and
also don't be scared if you get lost I'm
sure the teachers will understand if
you're a little late to your class
because it's very overwhelming I
understand that um and for me there were
the teacher standing out in the hallway
like outside their classroom and they if
you went up to them they the Kelly where
class was and I definitely did that a
couple times because I was very the boss
but it's not as bad as it seems because
all the first matter in the same
position they don't know where to go the
teachers are very used to it they do
this year after year and they're just
like here they're there to help you
they're not going to be like oh I'm not
telling you where your classes the
freshman went into school before hand
and they got to run through their
classes like it was like 10 or so
minutes and they got to run through
every class before everyone else came
into the school so they got to like see
where their classes are one time and
then they got went through it again with
everyone else in the school and that was
very helpful everything
remember that so the next of advice I
have is to be yourself this goes for
every day all day every day of your life
um you want to be yourself and like if
you're shy I know it's very hard because
I'm a little shy depends on the
situation if I'm shy or not but um you
just you need it just even if you have
like your friend group try to make new
friends because you don't know like I I
remember at the beginning of the year
like I was so nervous because I didn't
know some people in my classes like I
remember a couple classes I knew no one
in so I would just kind of sit there and
it is so easy just to turn around and
like make friends with a person sitting
behind you were next to you just just
try to talk to other people and because
school is not fun so and making friends
makes it a little less horrible um so
just try to make friends and be yourself
and don't try to make yourself because
then you like to go on every single day
with an act and that's that'll be very
hard and you just just be yourself and
then your friends will know you know I
was going with that one film to high
school the teachers definitely expected
more from me I was in a couple honors
classes so that was definitely a huge
adjustment for me because they expect so
much from you and you just yeah the
teachers just expected more from you and
it is very overwhelming you will adjust
to it um just just know like you're
gonna be expected more so prepare
yourself the first couple weeks it
probably won't be bad so just try to
like adjust as much as possible okay so
another tip I have wait till you get
your like your class supply list or like
what you need until it the first day I
wit and I got like a bunch of binders
ahead of time and go to a bunch of
folders
and I was like all prepared but like I
didn't have my class list yet um so in
like I some / supplies i needed and
simplifies i didn't need it was very
confusing so i definitely wait until if
a teacher say are you need a one inch
binder and a folder in a notebook for
the class and like van Gogh and get it
that is definitely a big tip at have and
don't go and like get a two inch binder
if you don't need it because your hands
will be full you didn't have time to go
to my locker um so definitely like get
like don't get more than you need okay
so that is it for this advice that's all
I kind of had to write down I hope this
helped you in some kind of way just
don't be nervous you probably are just
need to calm down and just be at peace
that is it so give us a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it let's try to get this to 200
likes um yeah that's my new goal for my
videos I try to get it to chew on your
legs and I will see you guys soon